Documentation component api (#228)
gini/gini-mobile-ios: BankSDK/GiniBankSDK/Documentation/source/QR Code scanning guide.md

The QR code scanning feature is disabled by default, so in case that you what to use it you just need to enable it in the `GiniBankConfiguration`, like so:
```swift
let giniBankConfiguration = GiniBankConfiguration.shared
...
...
...		
giniBankConfiguration.qrCodeScanningEnabled = true
```

> For allowing to scan only QR code without the ability to take images, you need to enable the flag for this in the `GiniBankConfiguration`, but also the QR scanning ability, like so: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For activating QR code-only mode without the ability to take images, you need to enable the flag in the `GiniBankConfiguration`, but also the QR scanning ability, like so: 
```
